Add information about new delocate error "Library dependencies do not satisfy target MacOS" (#1766)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/faq.md

Then cibuildwheel will detect that it's installed and use it instead. However, you probably don't want to build x86_64 wheels on this Python, unless you're happy with them only supporting macOS 11+.

### macOS: Library dependencies do not satisfy target MacOS

> Since delocate 0.10.8 there is added verification that the library binary dependencies match the target macOS version. This is to prevent the situation where a wheel platform tag is lower than the actual minimum macOS version required by the library. To resolve this error you need to build the library to the same macOS version as the target wheel (for example using `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` environment variable).

Author: I'm only guessing here next number. It should be verified before potential merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since delocate 0.11.0 there is added verification that the library binary dependencies match the target macOS version. This is to prevent the situation where a wheel platform tag is lower than the actual minimum macOS version required by the library. To resolve this error you need to build the library to the same macOS version as the target wheel (for example using `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` environment variable).
```

> Alternatively, you could set a higher `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` to drop support for older macOS versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you could set `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` in `CIBW_ENVIRONMENT` to correctly label the wheel as incompatible with older macOS versions.
```
